# Cplusplus-Program
The program presents the user with a menu of options. The first option reads the contents of a file and prints a list of items and their frequency in the input file. 
The second option reads an input from the user and prints the frequency of the item in the file.
The third option prints down a histogram of the items and their frequency. The items are initially read from the input file and then written to a new file with each item and their frequency on a line.
The fourth and last option permits the user to exit the program.
This project has allowed me to experience with combining two different languages (C++ and Python). This will definetly serve in future and more complex projects that require the use of more than one language to create an effective robust and secure code.
I was particularly proud with the exception handling sections of the code, especially that it had to be done both in C++ to validate user input for menu choices and in Python to validate user input for the item name. I was also able to convert the user input to lower case characters so it becomes non-case-sensitive when trying to check for an item (option 2 of the menu). 
The main roadblock was compilation errors that were the result of few beginner's errors in the code. Some of them were syntax related such as case-sensitive function name. Some other were related to the scope of declared variables in the Python functions. I used the Academic Support for the first time, and I was glad I did as a peer smoothly guided me through the debugging process to make my program function as expected without errors.
The C++ section for printing and handling the menu choices is easily adaptable. I wrote for the previous assignement and was able to use it in this project. It can also be used in any other project that calls for a menu diplay with an exit option.
The program consists of Python functions that are called in the C++ section of the program. It is clear, organized and it is easily modifiable and maintainable.
